docs: add pics to week of year docs (#53068)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/query-builder/expressions/week.md

Note that none of the three currently available modes match the first week algorithm used in summarizing by week of the year in the query builder.

> ### Compare how first and last week are calculated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Comparing how different algorithms calculate the first and last weeks
```

> - In the query builder when using **Group by Week of year**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the query builder when using **Group by Week of year**:
```
